---
title: 'figuring stuff out'
date: '21-07-2024'
permalink: /posts/2024/07/update1/
tags:
  - updates
---

<!-- This post will show up by default. To disable scheduling of future posts, edit `config.yml` and set `future: false`.  -->

hey!

well, so im supposed to write an update and i totally was procrastinating on it cause things aren't going that well. 

from last few weeks, i find myself randomly binging and sleeping in day time and not sleeping on time at night + sudden waves of sadness and hyperactiveness. 

i know the reason for all of it, im supposed to take an important decisions right now and i need to commit to it but im reframing it form commitment and hence falling in this loop of self sabotaging my progress. 

i have still not figured out why i might be failing to do so, maybe its fear of failure but yes. 

i might as well, someday write a post on career when i figure it out myself properly. 

health: 
- there is not much change in my weight so far, than the last update. im stuck there obv one reason is cause im binging randomly. 
- from yesterday i started applying castor oil on my face before sleeping so will update on how that goes maybe after a week (generally i use this one cream called clear gel nico to fix acne on my face and apply it everyday before sleeping but i decided to try this castor thing out)
- well so the supplements i mentioned in last update: yes they do help a lot, my guts mostly good and i have been having no problems with sleep. my stress levels are good but my anxiety isn't. 
- i stopped taking gelatin cause i kind of got disgusted by it's smell and taste, idk i will find some recipe which fits me and update on this later but god i do hate it. 


some new things:
- i started playing lawn tennis this month. it's been ten days now, and god i sucked at it at first but now i can see some progress. usually it's 6:15am to 8am-8:30am but cause of rain it's getting cancelled and i kinda hate it now as i am starting to get good but there was a time in between when i wanted to just not go. 
- i made a lil web app but i still haven't finalized of shipped it, hopefully i will until next update and put a link here

books i am reading currently:

1. the silent patient by alex michaelides
2. the wild problem by russ roberts (my next read)

some realizations: 

1. when i am not able to enjoy particular things, it's mostly cause im doing that thing to avoid something else and when i start to enjoy it i don't see the point of doing it. i should rather sit with my thoughts and focus on what's bothering me rather than avoiding it and i have struggled a lot with this. 
2. you won't ever feel beautiful if you look at someone else and compare yourself which is obvious but i still do it. i am gonna be me, no matter what and just being unhappy cause some one is taller, slimer and has a different facial or body shape than me makes no sense. i cannot change it, i can just be myself. 
3. just be yourself, and let people leave if they want to but never change for someone just cause they want you to be that way and you don't want it or try to fake it. doesn't always apply yes but most of the time is does. 

fav tweets: 
this is a nice story: https://x.com/quantymacro/status/1815132431844024467
i think even i should do this: https://x.com/shriyakaranam/status/1814339941385806097
this might be my next read: https://x.com/prmshra/status/1810380427175276704

ciao